The python3 script, io_calltree_viewer, was developed so that call tree hierarchies,
traced from executions of the Nektar++ code, could be displayed as flame plots.

In particular, there was a need to compare different IO methods used to read/write
checkpoint files: specifically, XML (one file per MPI process), HDF5 and SIONlib.

Hence, one of the arguments passed to io_calltree_viewer identifies the IO method.
In fact, the python3 script can take three arguments, the IO method, which
can be xml, hdf5 or sionlib, the number of cores used to run the simulation, and
the colour used to delineate the boundaries of the boxes in the flame plot. The
third argument defaults to white if it is not specified.

For example, the following command, 

python io_calltree_viewer.py hdf5 192 black

displays two flame plots, one that shows the call tree stemming from the FieldIOHdf5::Import
function, whereas the other is based on FieldIOHdf5::Write. The root function is
represented by the widest box that runs along the x-axis - the inclusive time
spent in the root function is normalised to 1. The widths of all the other boxes
are based on this normalised time. Any traced functions that were called by the 
root function are shown as boxes placed immediately above the root function box and
so on. Please note, there is no particular significance in the colour chosen for
each box or in the box's starting coordinate (i.e., left most edge) - those properties
are set so as to aid visual clarity.

The name of the function represented by each flame plot bar can be displayed
by clicking the mouse over a particular bar - you should see something like the
following.

2: Nektar::LibUtilities::FieldIOHdf5::ImportFieldData(1.0) - 0.5

The first number is the level within the stack trace; the number in brackets at
the end of the function name is the average number of calls to that function for
all MPI processes; and the last number is the average normalised time spent in
the function. 

Clicking the same box again will cause the tooltip text to disappear, unless
it is the right mouse button that is clicked, whereupon, the tooltip text is
shifted, such that the end of the text coincides with the coordinates of the
mouse click. All tooltip texts are disappeared whenever the user clicks outwith
all bars.
        
The raw calltree data is assumed to have been generated by a pat_build/report commands,
For example,

pat_build -f -u -g mpi,io,aio,sysio,sysfs -D force-instr=y FieldIOBenchmarker

followed by

pat_report -O calltree -T FieldIOBenchmarker+pat+*.xf > FieldIOBenchmarker+pat+import.out,

where FieldIOBenchmarker+pat is the CrayPAT-instrumented executable.

io_calltree_viewer assumes that such pat_report files exist within local
subdirectories whose names match the chosen IO method.



